fix: source_schema truncation error in adf_events_log due to insufficient column length (#104)
delphix/dcs-for-azure-templates: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

# 0.0.46
* Resolved an issue in `adf_events_log` where inserts failed due to a truncation error caused by the `source_schema` 

>   column's size limit (VARCHAR(100)). The column size has been increased to accommodate longer dataset paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The size for `source_schema` and `sink_schema` columns in the `adf_events_log` table increased to accommodate longer dataset paths to fix insert failure due to truncation error.
```
